Lectures were really good. There were lot of people who came their without any Java knowledge and yet you were very supportive. 5/5 for me.

It's really good that the lecturer explains most of the concepts using examples. It helps us to understand them better. But if you are sitting at the back, you can't properly see what's on the board because the board is too small and the lecturer writes in small letters due to that. On general lectures are understandable and good.

All the 7 lectures were clearly explained and had a good content also. The way of described the oop concepts were understandable. practical examples that used to explain concepts and exercises which were done during the lecture time was really helped full. Lecture slides were also good and useful.

I like your teaching style.That is really helps us to understand the basic principles.

The lectures were well organized and detailed. 

Great. Examples and in class activities (writing programms) were very helpful.

lectures were well organized and easy to understand. 

The first 7 lectures have been really good. Teaching is very clear and precise

Surprisingly , the lectures were so friendly and the best thing is giving time to think for an answer in the lecture. it helps us to understand course materials during the lecture. :-)

I attended all the 7 lectures and I learned many things regarding basic OOP concepts specially things that I have not known as I followed some video tutorials before the beginning of the second semester. But the feedback is uncompleted, if I forget to say that there were some times we could not understand. ex: polymorphism. However overall lecture session was great, well organized and very helpful.Thank you very much madam. 

The lectures were clear and easy to understand.It is better if madam can do some more examples in the class.

lectures were pretty good. Not too fast and not difficult to understand. I leaned lots of things. 

I think the lecture series was very good and I learnt a lot not only OOP but also Java. Practicing codes in the class really helped me to improve writing codes. If you could do more examples in the class it would be even better. 

It was very useful

I like your teaching style and you did everything very well.

Coding demonstrations are quite clear. It would be better and helpful if more examples were used in the lecture slides. 

One of the best lectures so far. Very easy to understand because the teaching method is great. When i came to the first lecture i didn't know anything about OOP but now i know something without even putting an extra effort. Discussing a question using java everyday is very helpful to keep track of our mistakes and to improve ourselves. Finally I take this time thank you, so thank you very much madam for your support.     

In first time I do the java, the lectures help me to set a foundation for java. I feel the lectures are help me a lot.

The lecturer's teaching method is so good. She explained the lessons very well and asked questions in the class. In my opinion, the lecture will be more effective for us if she explain the examples little slower.

They were well structured and I were able to learn fundamental concepts of oop. I didn't know anything about java early but now I adequate to learn more and code in java since I got the basic principals of java. I could understand the concepts well because of lecture slides and in class activities were well arranged as well as punctual. Recap segment was also very useful and helpful to memories the previous lecture as well. 

i came to cse without any knowledge of oop or jawa. now i learn quite aout oop. slides and inclass test are good.

there were good explanations

I understood OOP concepts very well. lectures were so good. I struggle a lot with my game because I am new to java. i know you have no time to teach us java but it will be great if you can give some more advises related to the semester project in next lectures. thank you

It was very good. It would have been better if the in class coding activities could've been done on computers rather than on paper.

The content were well organized. Well taught the OOP concepts with examples. In class exercises were perfect. Homework given every day polished our knowledge. 

The lecturer was punctual. I was able to learn a lot of new things. At the start of the semester, I had no idea about OOP and java. But now I have some knowledge on them with the help of the lectures. In class activities helped a lot to improve the knowledge. Overall, the lectures were good.

feel good about the current way of teaching 

the lecture series was quite good. very understandable. learnt a lot of things. need more practical exercises on the subject after teaching each theory/concept so we can understand them better.

Lecture series until now was really helpful to improve my knowledge about this subject. I think it will really helpful if there are more examples were discussed during the lecture.

Teaches with good examples and easy to understand. Thank you!

During last 7 weeks this module was my favorite and i really  got big idea about oop concepts as well as java programming. Asking question during the lecture was very helpful to us. I am very happy if Madam continue this teaching style in rest of our semester.

Starting from the very first lecture, object oriented programming concepts were introduced using real life incidents. So I could assure this lecture series would be more interesting to study. Had a good interaction with students and encouraged students to ask questions. In class activities were useful to understand the programming concepts. As a suggestion, it will be a good idea if the department gives a brief idea about OOP in the semester 1 field familiarization program. So the students who are willing to come to CSE department  can practice on some programming languages before coming to the department. 

Lectures are very clear and helpful to understand oop basic  principles.  Lecture slides are well arangend and adequate examples are discussed during the lecture. Semester project is a very good opportunity to develop our coding skills. Madam,If you can discuss more examples at the lecture, it will be very useful. According my opinion , I'm ok with the teaching style.

The lecture series were very useful to me In understanding the basic OOP concepts. great!  :-)

I like your way of teachinfmg and functuality.

It is very useful.

Actually lectures were clear for me. If you can describe the concepts using practical scenarios,I think it will be more helpful for us to understand. Overall lectures were fine.

satisfactory.

Lecture slides and examples were well organized and easy to understand. Explain the sample codes a little bit slow.

Good

lectures were very useful for understanding the OOP.

Dear madam, i don't have any complaints against you. You always motivate us to working on this subject and ask questions. Thank You for being a good lecturer. 

At the start some of us struggled to pick up in the class because we didn't study java then. I think it wasn't a fault of lecturer. Other than that there were no problems

I really appreciate the teaching style of the lecturer. Keeping interactions with students,asking questions,giving in class activities and discussing them within the class were greatly helpful for me to develop my oop skills.As well it is very easy to concentrate on the lesson through out the class because of the interesting way of teaching.

 Your teaching style helped me to understand basic principles of OOP cocepts. I think you taught that very well.

Learning environment was good. It would be better if you can explain the principles by counter examples. (by using code parts) Overall the class was good and interesting.

Making us construct codes in the class was good as we could check to how much extent we had learnt the concepts properly. Concepts were taught well. If more examples could be explained for each section it would have been better.

you are teaching  verywell madam I almost understood  everything what you have been teaching in previous 7 lectures.

got the ideas of the topics discussed.

well managed lectures. Explain well. Used real world examples. Had a good contact with students during the lecture and gave opportunity to ask any questions regarding to the lesson.  

I really liked the way the subject had been taught. The examples helped a lot in understanding the concepts. Everything about the teaching suits me. I couldn't find anything that requires alteration.

Honestly last seven lectures are good. Lectures are understandable. Lecture slides are very useful to self-study also. The given opportunity to ask questions from the lecturer is appreciative. 

Good :). please do recap at class starting it's better for us. sometimes teaching speed is very high. Thanks ! :).  

The lectures are good.but a bit speed.A in class working activity is a must one.So please take another hour in thursdays madame.

. We can hear your voice clearly and can understand the things you teach. Presentation slides also good source to refer. lf you can do more example questions within the classroom and it will help us to understand the principles well. 

Lectures was well structured and well organized. It was easy to understand. Lecture slides and labs were also well organized. 

Lectures were good. understandable. 

The lecture slides were well organized and the examples done in the class helped a lot to learn this new language and also the principles of OOP. Motivated to well. Would have been better if we discussed more about the solutions of coding exercisers.   

I think i learned a lot from the codes you write in the board. When i compare my codes with yours i can learn about my mistakes and good coding practices that i should follow. There fore i think it would be great if we can discuss more examples in the class.

madam explained  the oop concepts clearly with examples.lectures were interesting.we want more scenario examples and answers with explanations in future.

I satisfy about first 7 lectures. That way of teaching is really good for coming lectures too.

lectuers are very good. take good effort to make undersatand every student in the room. very helpfull. 

I was able to obtain a clear picture about OOP and its concepts. 

lecture slides, explanations were very clear. it's very good to letting ask questions and explain again with suitable examples. sometimes, some codes on white board were unclear at the back. overall very good!!!. 

The lectures were good and clear. And they weren't too fast. Writing code was somewhat confusing because I didn't know java before. 

Actually teaching is very good and can understand easily the concepts by examples which are given in the class.it will be more helpful if provide solved questions as well!. thankyou

good. 

Lectures were well organized with presentations to back them up. The in class examples helped to understand the subject matter in a more interactive way because Ms Surangika went around the class asking questions. The lectures were quite clear. But the projections on that white background were not sometimes clearly visible to the people in the back rows. Ms. Surangika encouraged us to ask questions if there's any doubt and proceeded with the lectures in a more interactive manner. The lecture slides were uploaded to the moodle every week. And I think it would be much better if you could upload them on Sunday evening because then us the students will have time to go through the slides before coming to the lecture.

Your teaching style is very attractive.If you can do more examples in the classroom,we can learn more things. 

The lectures were good as they were constructed in an understandable manner. But there is a slight issue. Sometimes the writings on the board are not so clear as the board is too small.You have to erase it and write the rest. It may cause some ambiguity.

lectures were good.

Lectures were good! Well structured!

Able to get clear understanding on the topic as lectures were gradually developed.In my opinion the lectures were well constructed and recommended good. 

Good.The lecture slides were well prepared with appropriate examples.I was able to understand the basic concepts well.
